splunk configuration file for infra (#3)
srivickynesh/splunk-dev-image: yaml/README.md

# Splunk Deployment on OpenShift

This documentation provides an overview of the configuration needed to deploy
Splunk in an OpenShift environment.

> # Deployment Steps

Reviewer: This is missing a very critical prerequisite - which is making sure that a PV is available for consumption.
On Quickcluster this means to run the following script:
 `infra-deployments/hack/quickcluster/setup-nfs-quickcluster.sh`

# Splunk Deployment on OpenShift

This documentation provides an overview of the configuration needed to deploy
Splunk in an OpenShift environment.

## Pre-requisite:

> - [Configure NFS-Storage](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/infra-deployments/tree/main/hack/quickcluster) when provisioned cluster using resourcehub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configure NFS-Storage](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/infra-deployments/tree/main/hack/quickcluster) when using a provisioned [Quickcluster](https://resourcehub.redhat.com) cluster.
```

# Deployment Steps

1. Apply the provided configuration YAML, with below cmd:

    ```

>     oc apply -f <filename>.yaml && oc adm policy add-scc-to-user anyuid -z splunk-sa -n splunk

Reviewer: @srivickynesh In the light of the recent changes, the second part of this line shouldn't be needed anymore.

Author: yes. I already modified if there are no other modifications, will push it when changing the commit msg.

# Splunk Deployment on OpenShift

This documentation provides an overview of the configuration needed to deploy
Splunk in an OpenShift environment.

## Pre-requisite:

- [Configure NFS-Storage](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/infra-deployments/tree/main/hack/quickcluster) 
   before using a provisioned [Quickcluster](https://resourcehub.redhat.com).

# Deployment Steps

> 1. Apply the provided configuration YAML, with below cmd:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Apply the provided YAML configuration 
```

    ```

>     oc create -f yaml/configuration.yml

Reviewer: This is the only deployment step. The rest shouldn't be under "deployment steps".

    ```

2. Once deployed, access the Splunk web interface using the splunk-web route,

>    splunk-api route, and splunk-hec routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once deployed, the Splunk web interface can be accessed by using the `splunk-web` route URL.
```

Reviewer: You should also mentioned the default user and password (u: admin, p: Password)

    ```
    NAME         HOST/PORT                                   PATH   SERVICES   PORT

>     splunk-api   splunk-api-splunk.apps.<cluster-name>.com          splunk     8089

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    splunk-api   splunk-api-splunk.apps.<cluster-hostname>          splunk     8089
```

Reviewer: This suggestion applies to all other occurrences.

    splunk-hec   splunk-hec-splunk.apps.<cluster-name>.com          splunk     8088
    splunk-web   splunk-web-splunk.apps.<cluster-name>.com          splunk     8000

>     ```

Reviewer: You can mention that the following routes are also available and explain what `the splunk-api` and `splunk-hec` routes can be used for as you did below.

> 3. Access the Splunk-WEB UI with <HOST/PORT> mentioned in `Step 2`.

Reviewer: Should make it more clear so people won't try to use the internal service port.

   
    ```
    http://splunk-web-splunk.apps.<cluster-name>.com
    ```

4. Access the Splunk-API with below cmd:

    ```

>     curl -k -u admin:Password http://splunk-api-splunk.apps.<cluster-name>.com /services/server/info`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    curl -k -u admin:Password http://splunk-api-splunk.apps.<cluster-name>.com/services/server/info
```

    ```

5. Trigger Event with Splunk-HEC Endpoint:
   You need an authorization token to send data to Splunk via HEC.

    ```
    hec-token-dev-app  : 71a657fe-ea4c-4994-adc8-2032d95c9861
    hec-token-dev-audit: 5ab43f3f-0eae-4066-9151-d5d2cbfd3a5a
    ```

>    Once you choose where you want to trigger an event use the appropriate hec-token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Once you choose which index to send a log to, use the appropriate hec-token
```

   with below curl cmd:

    ```
    curl -H "Authorization: Splunk <hec-token>" http://splunk-hec-splunk.apps.<cluster-name>.com/services/collector/event -d '{"sourcetype": "my_sample_data", "event": "http auth ftw!!!!"}'
    ```

## Cleanup

> To Cleanup the above configurations, run the below cmd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove the configuration:
```
